MITRE ATT&CK - ignore revoked indicators when checking names of attack patterns (#37264)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMitreAttackv2/ReleaseNotes/1_1_44.md

#### Integrations

##### MITRE ATT&CK

> Fixed an issue with the "get_mitre_value_from_id" command not ignoring revoked indicators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the "get_mitre_value_from_id" command did not ignore revoked indicators.
```

> Fixed an issue where the "get_mitre_value_from_id" command did not ignore revoked indicators.

Reviewer 2: Do you need to include updated Docker image?

Author: Someone just updated it the commit before :)
